hi I'm Helen and I'm really excited
today about sharing one of my family's
very favorite side dishes with you not
only are you going to like it because it
has an incredible taste it's so easy and
it's almost embarrassing it's so easy
and so simple but also makes it an
incredible side dish it's called hot
corn casserole let's see how to put it
together first of all you take two and a
half blocks 8-ounce blocks two and a
half blocks to Philadelphia Cream Cheese
you mix that with two and a half sticks
of pure butter these need to be actually
at room temperature I always mix these
simply by hand you don't want to use a
mixer on this because it actually adds
too much air and makes it really really
fluffy and this really not the purpose
of this you just want to mix it together
till it's really creamy after you free
the butter and the cream cheese really
nicely with your hand we always add six
cans of corn now for color purposes only
and not necessarily for taste but just
so it looks better always use three cans
of white shoot dead corn and I drain
those and then I use three cans of
yellow niblet corn it just gives it a
much more vibrant yellow color what
stars are well drained we've bored those
into the cream cheese and butter mixture
add that and then stir it well again
once you have your six cans of corn
incorporated into the butter cream
cheese mixture you're simply going to
add six ounces of pimento incorporate
that the pimento really does not change
the flavor you'll notice but it sure
makes a lot prettier to look at sir
these are going to add five chopped
jalapeno peppers I usually go to the
grocery get these and you know I split
them down the middle and then I
absolutely have to take the seeds out
because for my family that's just a
little hot you know the heat from a
jalapeno actually comes from the seeds
so I take five fresh jalapenos
incorporate those into the mixture
that's it once you get all those
ingredients incorporated it's really
simple you just putting the baking dish
don't degrees you're baking gauge
there's plenty of butter and there's
plenty of reason
cheese you know I really like making
with cream cheese one of the things I
enjoyed by did you know I was reading
them last night and I got to thinking
Philadelphia you know that needs
brotherly love I'm promising you and he
fix this recipe everybody needs brother
is going to love you it's always one of
those recipes where people go back for
seconds once you get it in your
casserole dish you simply put it in a
preheated oven at 350 degrees for
approximately 30 minutes while the
casserole is baking just for garnish
it's edible but I don't think you'd
really want to eat it but just for
garnish I always take a rocky of peppers
usually a really large belt of banana
pepper and then possibly two of the
jalapeno peppers did you put in the
recipe I just kind of cut out the center
of it and then i seed it make sure that
I throw the seeds away and then I just
take the yellow corn and with a spoon I
just feel the contents whoops I take the
yellow corn and I just feel the pepper
twice this on top of the casserole
doesn't is looking for
after this little cold and settle down
from the bubbling process possibly Jim
in it then that's when you're going to
take your varnish and just lightly place
it on the top there's absolutely no
guesswork as to what it's called I mean
after all it is called hot corn
casserole and remember make everyday
worth living by serving every dish in
your life with his mom